what do you like lana in general
let's say top 10
it's impossible I don't know how it is
describe it is possible
I think you're a very smart woman
which can be compared with
by me you are beautiful it is so clear
sexually i like your eyes
take yes drink take me feel terrible
I think you do something
you feel just stinged man
why we are not together but probably because
that you have a husband
you marry times dots completely forgot
I like it
probably
and I like you
I shot the games I will get you for a day or two if
lucky on 3
You knew that I would be so tired of that
I can't be around when I want you
how did we get to that and so so
represented our life now i'm not talking
on
if you said you wouldn't call and
lied to why call